Fix testprecice labels argument (#474)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/dev-docs/dev-testing.md

Tests in CTest are named `precice.` followed by the full test name of boost test.
To get a list of all tests for scripting purposes, use `./testprecice --list_units`.

> CTest additionally groups tests in labels. Use `./testprecice --list_labels` to display existing labels.

Reviewer: CTest knows the labels, not testprecice. So the mistake is:

```suggestion
CTest additionally groups tests in labels. Use `ctest --print-labels` to display existing labels.
```

Author: OK, this works, but now also executes the tests? I expected that it only prints the labels without running the tests. I must admit I don't understand yet what these labels are.

Reviewer: The argument is `--print-labels` with a dash. Fixed it above.
CTest and CMake have very strange ways of handling incorrect input.

Tests can have multiple labels. You can use these labels to include/exclude entire subsets of tests.

Author: Looks good now :+1:
